# Module File Structure

Before starting the development of a module you must know the file structure of the module.
Many files and folders are used in the modules for different purposes. Below are the files and folders which a module can consists -

```
.
├── config.xml
├── controllers
│   ├── admin
│   └── front
├── logo.png
├── logo.gif
├── module_name.php
├── override
├── themes
│   └── theme_name
│       └── modules
├── translations
├── upgrade
└── views
    ├── css
    ├── img
    ├── js
    └── templates
        ├── admin
        ├── front
        └── hook
```

## Reference

### module_name.php

Module's Main file. This file must have same name as module's root folder's name.

### config.xml

Configuration file for cache. This file does not exist in the module's folder. It is generated while module installation automatically.

### logo.gif and logo.png

Image files to represent the module in the backoffice. Your module should have both the icon files

### /controllers

This folder contains the Controller files. You can use the same sub-folder paths as for the View files.

- controllers/admin : Subfolder for backoffice controller.
- controllers/front : Subfolder for front controller.

### /override

All files for overriding QloApps core files. If you want to change QloApps core files then you must not change the files and use overriding for this purpose. For instance, /modules/my_module/override/classes/Cart.php extends the default CartCore class.

For a basic module, first three are necessary -
- Main file
- The cache configuration file (autogenerated by QloApps while installation)
- The icon file.

### /translations

This folder contains module translation files used to display module content in multiple languages for example fr.php, en.php, es.php, etc.

### /themes/[theme_name]/modules

Subfolder for overriding .tpl files and languages files. This folder can be used during modifications of an existing module, so that you can adapt it without having to touch its original files. Notably, it enables you to handle the module's template files in various ways, depending on the current theme.

### /upgrade

Subfolder for upgrade files. When a module have new version to release the older version may need an upgrade of its data or files. It can be done using this folder.

### /views

This folder contains the view files. This directory contains template files (.tpl), javascript/Jquery, css, images files that are used in module.

- views/templates : Template files of the modules resides in the folder.
  - views/templates/admin : Subfolder for backoffice controller's template files.
  - views/templates/front : Subfolder for front controller's template files.
  - views/templates/hook : Subfolder for module's hooks template files
- views/css : Subfolder for all the CSS files used in the module.
- views/js : Subfolder all the JS files used in the module.
- views/img : Subfolder for all the image, icon files used in the module.

---
Module can work with above three files. All the other files and folders can used if necessary.

In case any library is to be used in the modules the it can be put in saperate folder i.e. 'lib', 'libs', 'libraries', 'sdk', 'vendor', 'vendors'. You should select a name which is most appropriate for the folder.
```CSS
<style>
	th {
	  font-size: 16px;}
	td {
	  font-size: 14px;}
	  td > code {
	  font-size: 15px!important;}
</style>
```